GCS Backend: minor fixes for auth when using role with AAP controller (#4)
redhat-cop/cloud.terraform_ops: roles/gcs_backend/README.md

gcs_backend_service_account_file|The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as authentication type.|string|N/A| when `gcs_backend_auth_kind = serviceaccount`
gcs_backend_service_account_email|An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.|string|N/A| No

> ### Using with AAP Controller
> 
> Note: When using this role in AAP Controller, authentication to Google Cloud Platform (GCP) can be performed by adding GCE type credentials in AAP Controller and providing it to the job template that makes use of this role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using with Ansible Automation Platform (AAP)

Note: When using this role in AAP, authentication to Google Cloud Platform (GCP) can be performed by adding GCE type credentials in AAP and providing it to the job template that makes use of this role.
```
